feat: memory storage (#220)
sequelize/umzug: README.md

const umzug = new Umzug({ storage: new CustomStorage(...) })
```

> Your instance must adhere to the [UmzugStorage](./src/storages/type-helpers/umzug-storage.ts) interface. If you're using TypeScript you can ensure this at compile time, and get IDE type hints by importing the `UmzugStorage` interface:

Author: ```suggestion
Your instance must adhere to the [UmzugStorage](./src/storage/contract.ts) interface. If you're using TypeScript you can ensure this at compile time, and get IDE type hints by importing it:
```

> Your instance must adhere to the [UmzugStorage](./src/storage/contract.ts) interface. If you're using TypeScript you can ensure this at compile time, and get IDE type hints by importing it:

Reviewer: Nice catch on changing ```the `UmzugStorage` interface``` to `it`. Much better.
